Rewrite landing navigation (Getting Started) (#1217)
prysmaticlabs/documentation: docs/learn/concepts/validator-lifecycle.md

Only a capped number of pending deposits get handled each epoch. Because the queue also includes balance top‑ups, not every item results in a new validator. The activation churn limit is unchanged: the chain may activate 4 – 8 validators per finalized epoch, the exact number scaling with the total active‑validator count. When a validator reaches the front of the queue, it receives an activation_epoch. The validator becomes active four to five epochs later—about 31 minutes in real-time.

## `ACTIVE` State

> Once the activation epoch arrives, the validator is activated and assigned responsibilities including [proposing](/terminology#proposal-propose-) or [attesting](/terminology#attestation-attest-) to blocks on the beacon chain. Validators receive either rewards or penalties to the initial deposit based upon their overall performance. If a validator's balance drops below 16 `ETH` (typically due to inactivity), it will be ejected. Ejections are treated the same as a voluntary exits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the activation epoch arrives, the validator is activated and assigned responsibilities, including [proposing](http://terminology/#proposal-propose-) or [attesting](http://terminology/#attestation-attest-) to blocks on the beacon chain. Validators receive rewards or penalties on their initial deposit based on their overall performance. If a validator’s balance drops below 16 `ETH` (typically due to inactivity), it will be ejected. Ejections are treated the same as voluntary exits.
```
